	Starter
Driver - Standard Golf Club
3 Wood - Standard Golf Club
9 Iron - Standard Golf Club
7 Iron - Standard Golf Club
Sand Wedge - Standard Golf Club
Pitching Wedge - Standard golf club
Pitching Wedge - Standard Golf Club
Rangefinder - Standard Golf tool used to find distance to the flag
Ace Ball - Basic ball that lets you hit it right down the middle of the fairway

    misc
Find a Ball - Finding a ball hidden in the rough on the side of the fairway
Chip Johnson - Double iron carry. Cannot use woods.
Distance Ball - Basic ball that adds distance to your shot
Back to Basics - You cannot use a special ball on this next shot
Backspin - When the ball stops instead of rolls
Dead Stop Iron - Haunted looking golf club. Made of Bones/Grim Reaper Scythe, tombstone in background.
Dig Through Your Bag - Looking through your bag (drawing cards)
Ice Ball - Ball made of ice. Very slippery
Lead Ball - Heavy Ball made out of metal
Old Scorecard - Crumpled old scorecard
Reckless Swing - Discard a card to make you next shot go farther
Square Ball - Cube shaped ball that does not roll at all
Swiss Army Wedge - Golf Club that has tools sticking out of it
Tee Up - Places you ball on a tee while on the fairway
Long Ranger - Bigger shot if this is only club in hand
Breakfast Ball - Ball that looks like bacon and eggs (term for when you mulligan your first shot)

    big hand
Caddie 1 - Lose a stroke if you have 6+ cards in hand
Practice Swing - Taking a swing that does not actually hit the ball
Big Betty - Large and powerful driver

    small hand
Loner - Golf club (Iron) that is alone on an island. 

    toss
Unburden - Tossing your bag of clubs into the water
Recycle - Discard cards then draw cards

    caddie
Phone a Friend - draws caddies from your deck
Caddie 3 - Gain power for each caddie you have
Caddie 2 - Draw a card when you play another caddie

    hazards    
Caddie A - Get tees when you land in the sand/water
Beach Ball - Large colorful plastic ball that likes being in the sand
Rubber Duck Ball - Ball that looks like a rubber duck floating on water
Shovel Wedge - Golf club that looks like a shovel to hit balls out of the sand
Big Iron - Large and powerful iron. Hits out of the rough

    luck
Pocket Aces - Gives you luck. Cards sticking out of a pocket
Caddie 4 - Gain luck after each shot
Golf Glove - Standard glove used for golf

    tees
Finisher - get tees when hit into hole
Club of Greed - Gold/Fancy golf club



new:
caddie 5 - Gain power when you toss a card
voodoo doll - cannot be played. Gain 3 luck when you toss this.
Paper Club - Toss this after use. (club made out of paper)
Clover Ball - Gain +10 power for each luck you have